# Atliq Hardware Company Sales Data Analysis Project

## Overview

This project involves the analysis of sales data from Atliq Hardware Company. The goal is to derive insights into sales performance, customer behavior, product popularity, and other key metrics. By using various data analysis techniques, we can identify trends and patterns that can help improve business strategies and decision-making.

## Project Structure

The project is organized into the following sections:
- **Data**: Includes raw data files used in the analysis.
- **Results**: Contains outputs and visualizations derived from the analysis.
- **README.md**: Project overview and description.

## Datasets

The dataset for this project includes the following tables:

- **customers**: Information about the company's customers.
- **sales transaction**: Detailed records of sales transactions.
- **products**: Information about the products sold by the company.
- **market**: Information about markets like cities and regions.
- **Date**: Information about different dates on which different transactions are performed.
  
## ELT Analysis
after analysing the dataset in mysql by applying the different queries now time to plug mysql database with Power BI. 
In power BI we will do data cleaning and ETL (Extract, transform, load).
This process is also known as data munging or data wrangling. We will do currency normalization, handle invalid values, etc.

## Power BI Dashboard Objectives

1. **Sales Performance Analysis**: Evaluate the overall sales performance across different regions and time periods.
2. **Most Business Generating Costumers**: Identify top 5 customers based on revenue.
3. **Most Business Generating Products**: Determine the top 5 products based on revenue.
4. **Revenue By Market**: Determine the revenue generated by each market.
5. **Sales Quality by Market**: Understand the sales quality by each market.
